# edge of my life

Last dollar just got spent.

First of month comes got to pay rent.

Where'd the money go?

Slipping through my hands.

I'm working with these hands.

Little Johnny need a lunch box.

Little Susy needs clothes & it won't stop.

Banks calling us up.

And they don't care 

It's more than I can bear

I gotta ,gotta believe

I can more than survive

Still one trick up my sleeve

We're gonna make this one shine

I gotta,gotta believe

I can more than survive

Still one trick up my sleeve

We're gonna make this one shine

a ,I'm at the edge of my life

i got no time to think twice

When I'm standing with the weight of the world on my shoulders

a, I'm gonna fight the good fight.

Cause I,I know I'll get by

When I battle every day through the pain like a soldier.

Mon crying on the sofa

Dad comes home but he's not sober

Where'd the family go

Up in smoke again

Feels just like sinking sand

Heard shouts in the backyard

Sirens ringing from a cop car

It's a rough day for this family man.

I'm praying with these hands

 I gotta ,gotta believe

I can more than survive

Still one trick up my sleeve

We're gonna make this one shine

I gotta,gotta believe

I can more than survive

Still one trick up my sleeve

We're gonna make this one shine

just don't look down,And you'll never fall.

# Tough Love

Ever since I was a  girl，my own mother vowed（发誓） I must find the way to power through a noble brow（额；眉毛；坡顶）.

**Ever since**: 自从

**vowed**: 立誓，誓言

**power through**：坚定地完成某事：以强大的毅力和决心完成某项任务或克服某种困难。

I married once for love then my senses came.

I must marry for the stature of my husband's name.

Onto marriage number two,

I knew what I had to do ，

and  my poor husband fell ill in a year or two.

Solved problem number one now to problem number two.

His doe-eyed little girl with gentle point of view.

Would I ship her off to school?

NO! I told her if she stayed that she'd have to earn her keep and so she became the maid.

She was lazy! She was crazy!

She was talking to the mice!

She was hopelessly naive so she had to pay the price.

I moved her to the attic out of sight and out of mind.

I could have thrown her out but I'm benevolent and kind.

Mother your heart's too big for you!

I knew what I had to do!

After all difficult children will take advantage of your good nature.

So you lock them up!

Throw away the key!

There's one on every family tree!

Ungrateful! Hateful! Vile too!

The things she put you through！

Break their spirit so they obey!

Now they'll do anything you say!

Maybe you'd call it cruel but others would call it love.

Tough Love!

I ask you is it a crime to strive for perfection in all things?

Oh on they're so cute when they're little but them they grow up and just ruin everything.

I never wanted children,life was better on my own.

All the screaming nagging childed me to the bone.

But then one day I came across a flower growing free.

It's magic kept me young so kept it all for me.

But someone dug it up now a baby held the power.

So I borrowed her and locked her up and hid her in a tower.

Years went  by Oh the sacrifice! 

and against my better judgment I fed her once or twice.

Teenagers now I know why wild eat their young.

But that's messy.

Manipulation is easily more fun.

A litter guilt a lot of force of course you have to lie.

remind them that without you they'd shrivel up and die!

They only have themselves to blame!

If you'd been there you'd do the same!

So work them hard until they fall in line.

There's one way and it's only mine.

Children are lazy,Spoiled too!

But we know what to do!

Govern them with a heart of stone!

Lock them up so they're all alone!

Maybe you'd call it cruel but others would call it love.

Tough Love!

Ugh! Her own tower with a water view and she runs away the first chance she gets.

These wretched brats think the world owes them something.

But it doesn't!

Far and wide I rule the kingdom with a heavy hand.

But there was more I had in mind a greater plan.

I never cared to share, So the king would have to fall.

But his child blocked the way to me and Fairest of them all.

She was chubby. she was dumb and grotesquely optimistic.

She needed structure in her life.

She wasn't realistic.

I gave her chores and took away the things that she'd enjoy.

but then I caught her singing songs with birds and then a boy.

Love?! Was I just sit by and wait for her to take my crown? No!

She had sealed her fate!

She had to go and so she did and you know what they say 

"An apple once a day keeps your enemies away"

Don't be fooled by their tender smile!

Give an inch and they'll run a mile!

Our idea of a happy home！

Is one where we live all alone!

Dark! Depressing! Desolate!

New let's all drink to that!

Call us "wicked" and call us "mean"!

"Cruel" and everything in between!

You could say it's unjust!

Turning their dreams to dust!

This is what we call love

Tough Love!



# World’s Smaller Violin

My grandpa fought in World War II.

He was such a noble dude.

I can't even finish school.

Miss my mom and left too soon.

His dad was a fire man.

Who fought fires so violent.

I think I bored my therapist.

While playing him my violin.

Oh my God! That's so insane.

Oh my God! That's such a shame.

Next to them, my shit don't fell so grand.

But I can't help myself from feeling bad.

I kind of feel like two things can be said.

The world's smallest violin.

Really needs an audience.

